Update erigon FEP to PP instructions (#38)
agglayer/runbooks: upgrades/cdk-erigon_fep-to-pp.md

      5. provers
      6. pool-manager
4. **Migrate to PP**:

>    1. Contact with Polygon as the Rollup Manager Admin needs to send the transaction to perform the migration: `cast send --private-key ${ADMIN_PKEY} $ROLLUP_MANAGER "initMigration(uint32,uint32, bytes)" ${ROLLUPID} ${ROLLUPTYPEID} 0x`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Request Polygon (as the RollupManager Admin) to send the transaction to perform the migration: `cast send --private-key ${ADMIN_PKEY} $ROLLUP_MANAGER "initMigration(uint32,uint32, bytes)" ${ROLLUPID} ${ROLLUPTYPEID} 0x`
```

   2. Wait until the transaction is finalized.
5. **Start aggsender**:
   1. Update aggkit config with:
      ```toml
      [AggSender]

>       MaxL2BlockNumber = <last_verified_block_number> # Set this to the number of the last L2 block that was verified before the upgrade. You can obtain this value by checking the latest verified L2 block in your explorer or via the appropriate RPC call.

Reviewer: Maybe we could detail what RPC call would allow for this check?
